README_APP.md, before:

# Front-End Checklist App

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/Front-End-Checklist/Lobby][gitter-image]][gitter-url] [![Latest npm version][npm-image]][npm-url] [![Build status][travis-image]][travis-url] [![Maintainability][codeclimate-maintainability-image]][codeclimate-maintainability-url] [![Test Coverage][codeclimate-coverage-image]][codeclimate-coverage-url] [![Greenkeeper badge][greenkeeper-img]][greenkeeper-url] [![Front‑End_Checklist followed][frontendchecklist-image]][frontendchecklist-url] [![Backers on Open Collective][opencollective-backers-image]][opencollective-backers-url] [![Sponsors on Open Collective][opencollective-sponsors-image]][opencollective-sponsors-url]


[![StackShare](https://img.shields.io/badge/tech-stack-0690fa.svg?style=flat)](https://stackshare.io/thedaviddias/front-end-checklist) [![code style: prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)


## Table of Contents

- [Security](#security)
- [Background](#background)
- [Install](#install)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [API](#api)
- [Contribute](#contribute)
- [License](#license)



## Install

## Usage


## License

[MIT © David Dias](../LICENSE)



[npm-image]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/auto-changelog.svg
[npm-url]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/auto-changelog


[travis-image]: https://travis-ci.org/thedaviddias/Front-End-Checklist.svg
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/thedaviddias/Front-End-Checklist

[greenkeeper-img]: https://badges.greenkeeper.io/thedaviddias/Front-End-Checklist.svg
[greenkeeper-url]: https://greenkeeper.io/

[gitter-image]: https://badges.gitter.im/Front-End-Checklist/Lobby.svg
[gitter-url]: https://gitter.im/Front-End-Checklist/Lobby?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge

[opencollective-backers-image]: https://opencollective.com/front-end-checklist/backers/badge.svg
[opencollective-backers-url]: #backers

[opencollective-sponsors-image]: https://opencollective.com/front-end-checklist/sponsors/badge.svg
[opencollective-sponsors-url]: #sponsors

[frontendchecklist-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Front‑End_Checklist-followed-brightgreen.svg
[frontendchecklist-url]: https://github.com/thedaviddias/Front-End-Checklist/

[codeclimate-maintainability-image]: https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/55642648e3348bfe38eb/maintainability
[codeclimate-maintainability-url]: https://codeclimate.com/repos/59f3015dd77fc102a50008ee/maintainability

[codeclimate-coverage-image]: https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/55642648e3348bfe38eb/test_coverage
[codeclimate-coverage-url]: https://codeclimate.com/repos/59f3015dd77fc102a50008ee/test_coverage

Commit message:

Added installation and run messaging to README_APP.md
Changed gulp browser-sync to open the browser automatically when npm start or gulp dev is run from the terminal

README_APP.md, after:

# Front-End Checklist App

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/Front-End-Checklist/Lobby][gitter-image]][gitter-url] [![Latest npm version][npm-image]][npm-url] [![Build status][travis-image]][travis-url] [![Maintainability][codeclimate-maintainability-image]][codeclimate-maintainability-url] [![Test Coverage][codeclimate-coverage-image]][codeclimate-coverage-url] [![Greenkeeper badge][greenkeeper-img]][greenkeeper-url] [![Front‑End_Checklist followed][frontendchecklist-image]][frontendchecklist-url] [![Backers on Open Collective][opencollective-backers-image]][opencollective-backers-url] [![Sponsors on Open Collective][opencollective-sponsors-image]][opencollective-sponsors-url]


[![StackShare](https://img.shields.io/badge/tech-stack-0690fa.svg?style=flat)](https://stackshare.io/thedaviddias/front-end-checklist) [![code style: prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-ff69b4.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)


## Table of Contents

- [Security](#security)
- [Background](#background)
- [Install](#install)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [API](#api)
- [Contribute](#contribute)
- [License](#license)



## Install
To install and run:

```shell
    npm install
    npm start
```
## Usage


## License

[MIT © David Dias](../LICENSE)



[npm-image]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/auto-changelog.svg
[npm-url]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/auto-changelog


[travis-image]: https://travis-ci.org/thedaviddias/Front-End-Checklist.svg
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/thedaviddias/Front-End-Checklist

[greenkeeper-img]: https://badges.greenkeeper.io/thedaviddias/Front-End-Checklist.svg
[greenkeeper-url]: https://greenkeeper.io/

[gitter-image]: https://badges.gitter.im/Front-End-Checklist/Lobby.svg
[gitter-url]: https://gitter.im/Front-End-Checklist/Lobby?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge

[opencollective-backers-image]: https://opencollective.com/front-end-checklist/backers/badge.svg
[opencollective-backers-url]: #backers

[opencollective-sponsors-image]: https://opencollective.com/front-end-checklist/sponsors/badge.svg
[opencollective-sponsors-url]: #sponsors

[frontendchecklist-image]: https://img.shields.io/badge/Front‑End_Checklist-followed-brightgreen.svg
[frontendchecklist-url]: https://github.com/thedaviddias/Front-End-Checklist/

[codeclimate-maintainability-image]: https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/55642648e3348bfe38eb/maintainability
[codeclimate-maintainability-url]: https://codeclimate.com/repos/59f3015dd77fc102a50008ee/maintainability

[codeclimate-coverage-image]: https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/55642648e3348bfe38eb/test_coverage
[codeclimate-coverage-url]: https://codeclimate.com/repos/59f3015dd77fc102a50008ee/test_coverage
